Push liquid glass design to public preview (#5589)
stripe/stripe-ios: CHANGELOG.md

## x.x.x yyyy-yy-yy

## PaymentSheet

> * [Added] PaymentSheet now offers a refreshed design for iOS 26. Calling Appearance.applyLiquidGlass() will change the default values of the `Appearance` object used by PaymentSheet, PaymentSheet.FlowController, EmbeddedPaymentElement, CustomerSheet, and AddressViewController to match Liquid Glass when building with Xcode 26 or later and running on iOS 26. This includes `appearance.cornerRadius`, `appearance.borderWidth`, `appearance.navigationBarStyle`, `colors.background`, and others.

Reviewer: I know we wrote this in the API Review but looking at it with fresher eyes:
```suggestion
* [Added] Added `Appearance.applyLiquidGlass()`, a convenience method that changes the values of various properties on the `Appearance` object used by PaymentSheet, PaymentSheet.FlowController, EmbeddedPaymentElement, CustomerSheet, and AddressViewController to match Liquid Glass when building with Xcode 26 or later and running on iOS 26. This includes `appearance.cornerRadius`, `appearance.borderWidth`, `appearance.navigationBarStyle`, `colors.background`, `navigationBarStyle`, and others. This feature is in public preview while we gather feedback and is subject to change. Please use https://github.com/stripe/stripe-ios/issues to file feedback!
```

> * [Added] Appearance.navigationBarStyle. Setting to `.glass` will change the sheet navigation bar to a glassy appearance when building with Xcode 26 or latter and running on iOS 26. Calling `Appearance.applyLiquidGlass()` will set this value to `.glass`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Added] Appearance.navigationBarStyle. Setting to `.glass` will change the sheet navigation bar to a glassy appearance when building with Xcode 26 or later and running on iOS 26. Calling `Appearance.applyLiquidGlass()` will set this value to `.glass`.
```
